Dealing with mattresses in Samuel Inc as Samuel his Matlab pays.
It's not surprising that there's a big support for use of matrices and Multi-dimensional arrays that
sees it.
I will add a game blog
constant pluck
and display block
now wears them together to produce simple model which could have some pluck is multiplied by game pluck
and the result is displayed on display to block the input of the Coniston block can be customized to
be in metrics was the same notation of the matlab for example one comma to semicolon eight comma nine
to produce a matrix which is two times two by the same manner the game block for example nine semicolon
five
senses are two signals are now matrices that are multiplied to each other we need to define the multiplication
method.
This can be done by editing is a game block from multiplication we can select from different options
like element by element multiplication which requires post matrices to have the same dimensions and
the matrix multiplication which requires a number of columns of the first Matrix equals to the number
of rows of the second metrics.
There are also option like you times K or K times you view.
Here is a constant signal and k is the gain signal.
So for now I will select you times.
K OK
now run
again I can change the game clock input to 1 Comma 2 semicolon 8 comma 8 OK
and Arun
Now let's try the element y's multiplication option okay from.
So now each element is multiplied to each corresponding one from the other metrics another plug to deal
with matrices is assignment block which could be found in the maze blocks library or simply by timing
assignment in the search
assignment block is used to replace a certain element in a matrix pi another predefined number let's
see that I will copy the Coniston blocks from the previous model simply by right click and drag them
twice.
Also I will copy the display plug I will change the input of this block to one comment to comma 3 comma
4 comma 5 and I will feed it to y node signal of the assignment plug
I will change this one to fifty and I will feed it to you signal to decide which element to replace
just change as index 2 for example 3
runs a model as you can see is a service element is replaced with 50 there are some other plugs to deal
with matrices like some of elements productive elements minimum and makes
I will add Coniston pluck and display plug.
I will cop it three times I will change the end but to one comma to commissary coma for
this one to two coma 6 7 0
and this guy here to 1 commit to commissary coma 6
let's copy this minimum and maximum block so I can make one clock minimum and as a clock maximum and
another game clock
minus one minus two minus three minus four
I'll probably display block four times and wire all the models
and I'll change this guy here to maximum now from as you can see the first model the maximum of negative
one negative two negative three negative four is negative one does a minimum of one two three four is
one so product of two comma six comma seven comma zero is zero and the sum of one two three six is twelve.
In case you have for example two times two metrics.
In this case you have two dimensions column dimension and row dimension.
For example one comma two semicolon five comma six I need to specify a direction which is a sum block
will operate on.
So from option some.
Over specified dimension I will select two to sum over rows
as output.
In this case is sry which is a sum of the first row and eleven which is a sum of the second row.